doc/User Guide/CLI Usage/Readme.md, before:

# CLI Usage

As previously explained, a barebones OpenTAP installation only ships with a few commands. This section covers common usage of these commands. if this is not what you're looking for, check out the [comprehensive reference](../CLI%20Reference/) of built-in CLI options.


## Using the package manager

### install
The `install` commands installs one or more packages.

`tap package install <package name> [<args>]`

> Note: Updating OpenTAP is simple. Just run `tap package install OpenTAP`

New plugins may provide their own CLI actions, thus drastically increase the number of options. Luckily, OpenTAP keeps track of installed plugins for you, so you can always verify available CLI actions by running `tap`. Example output for a clean install (version 9.5.1):
```
OpenTAP Command Line Interface (9.5.1)
Usage: tap <command> [<subcommand>] [<args>]

Valid commands are:
  run                   Runs a Test Plan.
  package
    create                Creates a package based on an XML description file.
    download              Downloads one or more packages.
    install               Install one or more packages.
    list                  List installed packages.
    test                  Runs tests on one or more packages.
    uninstall             Uninstall one or more packages.
    verify                Verifies installed packages by checking their hashes.
  sdk
    gitversion            Calculates a semantic version number for a specific git commit.

Run "tap.exe <command> [<subcommand>] -h" to get additional help for a specific command.specific command.
```

## Running test plans

If you have some test plans of your own lying around, feel free to use them. Otherwise, you can install the [Demonstration](http://packages.opentap.io/index.html#/?name=Demonstration) plugin, which comes with a few mock devices and test plans preconfigured. Simply run `tap package install Demonstration -y`.

The `run` commands executes a test plan.

`tap run <file path> [<args>]`

This concludes the CLI portion of the guide. For information regarding the `sdk` subcommand, please see [this section](link) of the Developer Guide.

Commit message:

finished CLI reference, moved OpenTAP overview into User Guide section

doc/User Guide/CLI Usage/Readme.md, after:

# CLI Usage

Although this chapter primarily targets users, developers will likely find it helpful as well. The purpose of this document is twofold; first, to familiarize you with the built-in features of the OpenTAP CLI, and get started installing Keysight- and community developed plugins. Second, to introduce you to useful tools in constructing and managing test plans. 

Since a large chunk of the value of OpenTAP as a test automation platform comes from its extensibility through plugins, the application itself only ships with a few essential components:

1. a package manager to browse and install plugins; and
2. the capability to execute test plans;


## Using the package manager

### install
The `install` commands installs one or more packages.

`tap package install <package name> [<args>]`

In order to check what packages are available, run `tap package list`. To see what versions are available of a package, such as OpenTAP itself for instance, try `tap package list OpenTAP`.
This doesn't tell you much about the packages though. Have a look at [our repository](http://packages.opentap.io/index.html#/?name=OpenTAP) for a full description, and other information, about packages.

By default, the `install` action installs the latest stable release for your platform. Updating any package, including OpenTAP itself, is easy. Just run `tap package install OpenTAP`. Conversely, installing a specific version of any package is also simple. `tap package install OpenTAP --version 9.5.1` installs version 9.5.1; `--version beta` installs the latest beta; `--version rc` installs the latest release candidate. Note, however, that the package manager does not allow you to break dependencies. If you really know what you're doing, you can use the `--force` option to override this behavior.

New plugins may provide their own CLI actions, thus drastically increase the number of options. Luckily, OpenTAP keeps track of installed plugins for you, so you can always verify available CLI actions by running `tap`. Example output for a clean install (version 9.5.1):
```
$ tap

OpenTAP Command Line Interface (9.5.1)
Usage: tap <command> [<subcommand>] [<args>]

Valid commands are:
  run                   Runs a Test Plan.
  package
    create                Creates a package based on an XML description file.
    download              Downloads one or more packages.
    install               Install one or more packages.
    list                  List installed packages.
    test                  Runs tests on one or more packages.
    uninstall             Uninstall one or more packages.
    verify                Verifies installed packages by checking their hashes.
  sdk
    gitversion            Calculates a semantic version number for a specific git commit.

Run "tap.exe <command> [<subcommand>] -h" to get additional help for a specific command.specific command.
```



## Running test plans

If you have some test plans of your own lying around, feel free to use them. Otherwise, you can install the [Demonstration](http://packages.opentap.io/index.html#/?name=Demonstration) plugin, which comes with a few mock devices and test plans preconfigured. Simply run `tap package install Demonstration -y`.

The `run` commands executes a test plan.

`tap run <file path> [<args>]`

This concludes the CLI portion of the guide. For information regarding the `sdk` subcommand, please see [this section](link) of the Developer Guide.
